This two-vehicle crash occurred at a four-way intersection that is controlled by traffic lights on colors. There are two eastbound and two westbound lanes that are separated by a continuous left turn lane. The speed limit for this roadway is posted 56 kmph (35 mph).  There are two northbound and two southbound lanes that are separated by a continuous left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is posted 72 kmph (45 mph). Both roadways were straight, level and constructed of bituminous asphalt. The roadways were dry and the sky was clear at the time of this afternoon daylight crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Dodge Intrepid 4 door with two occupants, was slowing down in the northbound left turn approaching the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 1989 Honda Accord 4 door with one occupant, was traveling southbound in the left lane approaching the intersection between 40-48 kmph (25-30 mph).  V-1 made a left turn across the path of V2 just as V2 entered the intersection. The front of V2 struck the right rear area of V1. The driver of V2 steered to the left and applied braking (no lock up) just before striking V1. Both vehicles were removed from the roadway and parked at a liquor store parking at the northwest corner of the intersection. V1 was towed due to damage. There were no injuries reported at the scene by the drivers. The right front passenger of V1, a nine (9) year old female, complained of soreness to her right arm. She refused medical treatment at the scene.  A twenty four (24) year old female drove V1. She said that she was slowing down in the left turn lane traveling northbound. She said that she saw the other car coming. She said that when she entered the intersection she looked at the area she was intending to turn. The other car then hit her. She said that V2 was traveling at a high rate of speed just before the crash.  She said that after the crash, she drove her car into the liquor store parking lot. She said that she was on her to her mother's house for a BBQ. She said that she had left the grocery store about 5 minutes prior to the crash to take food to her mother's house for the BBQ. She said that she does not have any health problems that she is aware of. She does not take any medications and does not need to wear any corrective lenses. 	