This two-vehicle crash occurred at a four-way intersection that is controlled by traffic lights on colors. There are two eastbound and two westbound lanes that are separated by a left turn lane. There are two southbound and two northbound lanes that are also separated by a left turn lane. Both roadways have a right turn lane at the intersection.  The speed limit on both roadways is posted 56 kmph (35 mph).  Both roadways were straight, level and constructed of bituminous asphalt. The roadways were dry and the sky was clear at the time of this nighttime crash. The area is dark and lighted. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Ford Escort 4 door sedan with one occupant, was stopped in the intersection and made a left turn to travel westbound. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Kawasaki Motorcycle with one rider, was traveling southbound in the number three lane approaching the intersection. V2 entered the intersection when V1 made a left turn across the path of V2.  V2 impacted with the right side of V1. The impact forced the rider of V2 off the vehicle. V2 came to rest on its right side facing south near the crosswalk at the south side of the intersection. V1 came to a controlled stop on the north side of the intersection to the west of the intersection. The driver of V2 was transported from the scene by EMS.  Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1 was not injured. A twenty nine (29)-year old female drove V1. She said that she was traveling north approaching the intersection. She got into the left turn lane and went into the intersection and stopped to wait for southbound traffic to clear. She said that as she was waiting, the light turned yellow and then to red and she made a left turn. She said that the left turn arrow for west/eastbound traffic turned green when she was in the intersection. She said that she looked but did not see the other vehicle coming. She did not see V2 until after it hit her vehicle She said that the rider of the vehicle, was laying on the ground near the crosswalk at the southwest corner of the intersection. She said that she was on her way to a grocery store after she had left a pharmacy to drop off a prescription for a friend. 