This two-vehicle crash occurred at a four-way intersection that is controlled by traffic lights on colors. There is one westbound and two eastbound lanes at the east side of the intersection. There is one westbound right turn lane and two westbound left turn lanes. There are two westbound lanes and one eastbound lane and one left turn lane at the west side of the intersection. There are two northbound lanes and two southbound lanes separated by a left turn lane. There is one northbound right turn lane at the intersection.  The speed limit on the north/south roadway is posted 72 kmph (45 mph). The speed limit on the east/west roadway is posted 64 kmph (40 mph). Both roadways were straight, level and constructed of bituminous asphalt. The roadways were dry and the sky was clear at the time of this nighttime crash. The area was dark but lit. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Mitsubishi 4 door Galant with one occupant, was traveling southbound and made a left turn on green light.  Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Ford Expedition XLT with 7 occupants, was traveling northbound in the number two lane at about 64 kmph (40 mph).  V2 entered the intersection on a green light when V1 made a left turn and traveled across the path of V2. The front of V1 struck the left side of V2. The impact caused V1 to rotate counterclockwise and travel across the intersection in a northwesterly direction coming to rest near the north side of the intersection facing in a northwesterly direction. V2 came to a controlled stop in the intersection and drove east of the intersection and parked. There was a non-contact vehicle to the left of V2 that avoided V1 prior to the crash in the intersection. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was parked at the scene and later removed. The driver of V1 was treated at the scene by EMS. There were no injuries reported by the driver and occupants of V2. A sixty one (61) year old female drove V1. There was a language barrier between the researcher and the driver and an interview could not be conducted on-scene. The driver could not be located after several attempts and no interview was obtained.