This two-vehicle intersection crash occurred at a four-way intersection that is controlled by stop signs for eastbound and westbound traffic. There are two northbound and two southbound lanes that are separated by a painted centerline stripe. The speed limit on this roadway is posted 56 kmph (35 mph). There is one eastbound and one westbound lane that are separated by a painted centerline stripe. The speed limit for this roadway is posted 40 kmph (25 mph). The roadways were dry, level and constructed of bituminous asphalt. The crash occurred during the late morning daylight hours .There were no sight line restrictions noted at the scene and the weather was clear. Vehicle one (V1), a 2007 International Truck Tractor with one occupant, stopped at the stop sign and then traveled west through the intersection.  V1 swung wide to the right and made a U-turn. Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Mazda B-series pickup with one occupant, was traveling southbound in the number one lane and began to change lanes to the left. V1 made a U-turn and traveled across the roadway in a southeasterly direction across the path of V2 while V2 was changing lanes to the left. V2 steered to the left to avoid V1. The right side of V2 struck the left side of V1.  The impact forced V2 to rotate clockwise. The vehicle then rolled to it's left and rolled for 22 meters (72 feet) before it came to rest on it's wheels in the number one northbound lane facing north. V1 came to rest in the center of the roadway facing in a southeasterly direction. The driver of V2 was transported from the scene by EMS. The driver of V1 did not report any injuries. V2 was towed due to damage and V-1 was driven from the scene.  The twenty eight (28) year old male who drove V1 stated that he was traveling westbound and stopped at the stop sign. He said that he saw V2 to his right about 91 meters (300 feet) down the road. He went through the intersection and swung wide to the right to turn into a private driveway located at the southeast corner of the intersection. He said that he made the U-turn and began to travel across the roadway and was struck on his left side by V2. He said that he thought he had enough time to make the U-turn. He said that after impact V2 spun around and rolled and landed on it's wheels. He said that he was looking straight ahead after he made the U-turn. 