This  two-vehicle front-to-right side crash that occurred in the number one northbound lane of a two-lane roadway divided by double yellow lines. There was one southbound and one northbound lane. The southbound lane is bounded by a sand and gravel shoulder and a metal guardrail. The northbound lane is bounded by a sand and gravel shoulder.  The speed limit  posted 56 kmph (35 mph). This was an early evening crash . The roadway where the crash occurred is in a curve. The roadway was dry, constructed of asphalt and the sky was clear. There are no traffic signals where the crash occurred. Vehicle one (V1), a 2006 Dodge Dakota Quad Cab 4x4 pickup truck with one occupant, was southbound in the number one lane. V1 was traveling south and saw a man walking on the right shoulder and decided to turn around and offer the person a ride. The driver made a U-turn, crossed the northbound lane onto the east shoulder. The driver then made a second U-turn and re-entered the northbound roadway and struck the right side of V2.  Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Chevrolet Tahoe 4x2 SUV with one occupant, was traveling north in the number one lane. The drivers drove their respective vehicles off the roadway after impact. V1 and V2 were towed from the scene. A fifty two (52) year old male drove V1. The driver stated that he was traveling southbound from a bar going to his home (10 minutes). He said he saw a man walking and turned around to offer him a ride.  He said he looked and did not see any other vehicles, made a U-turn from the east shoulder to get back across the road, and struck the right rear of V2. He said he did not attempt any evasive actions. The driver said he traveled the road daily, was in good health and takes no medication.  The driver said he had seven hours of sleep the night before the crash, and had been awake about 12 hours at the time of the crash. The driver stated that he had been drinking alcohol. The police report had a BAC test result of 0.151.  He said he was traveling between 2-16 kmph (1-10 mph) at impact. 