This two vehicle collision occurred at an intersection comprised by two roadways and a highway off-ramp/on-ramp.  The west section of the east/west roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of six lanes.  This section of the roadway has bike lanes along its north and south edges.  The east section of the east/west roadway is undivided, dry, has a northbound 3.2% upward slope, curves right, and consists of two lanes.  The highway on-ramp/off-ramp located at the south leg consists of two exit lanes and two entrance lanes.  The entrance lanes are located on the west side and the exit lanes are located on the east side.  The entrance and exit ramps are separated by a raised concrete median.  The exit ramp is divided, concrete, has an upgrade north slope, curves right, and consists of three lanes.  The number one lane is a right-turn only lane.  The second lane is a straight or right-turn only lane.  The number three lane is a left-turn only lane.  The on-ramp is dry, slopes down as you travel south, divided, concrete, curves right, and consists of two lanes.  The north/south roadway is designated a 40 kmph (25 mph) zone.  The intersection is controlled by on-color signals that were functioning at the time of the collision.  Vehicle one (V1) is a 2003 Toyota Tundra pickup truck, driven by a forty three (43) year old male who was traveling eastbound in the number two lane.  Vehicle two (V2) is a 1997 Saturn SC2, 2-door coupe, driven by a twenty four (24) year old male was traveling eastbound in the number one lane.  As V1 approached the intersection, it changed lanes to the right and turned right in front of V2 in an attempt to enter the highway on-ramp.  The front plane of V2 contacted the rear plane of V1.  V1 came to rest on the on-ramp facing west.  V2 came to rest facing southbound blocking the on-ramp.  V1 received moderate damage and was towed from the scene.  V2 received major damage and was towed from the scene.  NOTE: The driver of V1 was attempting to flee a previous collision involving V2.   