This two vehicle daytime collision occurred at a four-leg intersection comprised of a north/south roadway and an east/west roadway.  The north/south roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of five lanes.  The east/west roadway is divided, dry, level, and asphalt.  The east leg has four westbound lanes (including a left-turn pocket) and three eastbound lanes that are separated by a raised concrete island.  The west leg has three westbound lanes and four eastbound lanes (including a left-turn pocket) that are separated by a raised concrete island.  Both roadway are designated 56 kmph (35 mph) zones.  The intersection is controlled by on-color signals that were working properly at the time of the collision.  The crash occurred during the morning rush hour in daylight hours.Vehicle one (V1) is 2000 Dodge Dakota pickup truck, driven by a forty nine (49) year old male who was traveling westbound in the number one lane.  Vehicle two (V2) is a 1997 Ford Explorer SUV driven by a forty (40) year old male who was traveling eastbound in the number four (left-turn) lane.  As V2 turned left at the intersection, the front plane of V1 contacted its right plane.  V2 then rolled unto its left plane.  V1 came to rest facing northbound blocking the southbound number three lane.  V2 came to rest facing northbound on its left plane.  V1 received major damage and was towed from the scene.  V2 received major (rollover) damage and was towed from the scene.  The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection.  The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see).  The driver stated that they entered the intersection at a constant velocity and never saw V2 prior to impact.  This driver failed to recognize the traffic light was red and traffic in the adjacent number 2 and 3 lanes had stopped for the traffic light.  He was listening to the radio while commuting home from work.  He had recently moved to this state and had started the job 4 days prior.