This two vehicle daytime mid-afternoon collision occurred at a four leg intersection comprised by a north/south roadway and an east/west roadway.  The west leg of the intersection is a two-lane, undivided, dry, level, asphalt, private driveway.  The east leg of the intersection is a four-lane, dry, level, asphalt, roadway leading into a public transit parking lot.  The north/south roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of six lanes.  The north/south roadway is designated a 56 kmph (35 mph) zone.  The intersection is controlled by on-color signals that were working properly at the time of the collision.  The west leg driveway also has a stop sign.  Vehicle one (V1) is a 1994 Ford Tempo, four-door sedan, driven by a eighty six (86) year old male who was traveling southbound in the number two lane.  Vehicle two (V2) is a 2001 Suzuki, sport utility vehicle, driven by a fifty five (55) year old female was traveling westbound in the number one lane.  As V2 made a left-turn unto the roadway, its left plane was contacted by the front plane of V1.  V1 came to rest facing southeast in the intersection.  V2 came to rest facing northwest, blocking  the northbound number one and two lanes.  V1 received moderate damage and was towed from the scene.  V2 received moderate damage and was not towed from the scene.   The driver of V1 failed to realize that a red phase on-color existed at the intersection and did not see that V2 had entered the intersection.  Associated factors include the driver's overall health, which includes arthritis in the right leg.  The medication by the driver was described as unknown "happy pills" that made him "feel good" all over,  they make him feel "strong and young."  The medical report states that the driver takes Clopidogral (Plavix) Terazosin for high blood pressure, Atenolol, Imipramine for depression, Lovastatin for high cholesterol, and Fluocimonide for itchy and dry skin.   He was on an errand from home to pick up medications at a nearby clinic.  The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded:  other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. Inadequate surveillance was coded as an associative factor for this driver for failure to recognize the traffic control.