This two vehicle collision occurred on a four-leg intersection comprised by a north/south roadway and an east/west roadway.  The north/south roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of five lanes (including a left-turn lane).  The east/west roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of five lanes (including a left turn lane).  Both roadways are designated 56 kmph (35 mph) zones.  The intersection is controlled by a on-color traffic signal that was working at the time of the collision.  Vehicle one (V1) is a 2002 Chrysler Sebring four-door sedan, driven by a forty five (45) year old female with two passengers.  V1 was traveling eastbound in the number two lane.  Vehicle two (V2) is a 2006 Toyota Matrix compact utility vehicle, driven by a fifty nine (59) year old female.  V2 was traveling northbound in the number two lane.  As V2 was traveling through the intersection, the front plane of V1 contacted its left plane.  V1 rotated counter-clockwise and V2 rotated clockwise.  The right plane of V1 contacted the left plane of V2.  V1 came to rest facing the northeast corner blocking the westbound number one lane.  V2 came to rest facing southeast blocking the eastbound number two lane.  V1 received moderate damage and was towed from the scene.  V2 received moderate damage and was towed from the scene.  The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded:  this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection.  The critical reason for the critical event was coded as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see).  A witness observed that the driver of V1 disregard the red light.  The driver of V1 stated that she never saw V2 prior to impact and entered the intersection at a constant velocity.  The driver had just picked up her daughter at a friends house and was going to another friends home while listening to the radio.  The driver had also been driving in an aggressive manner according to the witness; she accelerated into the intersection and had been tailgating other vehicles.