This two vehicle daytime collision occurred at a four-leg intersection comprised by a north/south roadway and an east/west roadway.  The east/west roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of seven lanes.  The north/south roadway is undivided, dry, asphalt, and consists of two lanes.  The north leg of the intersection has a -4.8% downgrade dip as it joins the east/west roadway.  The pre-crash area of the north leg has a -1.61% downgrade slope.  Stop signs regulate the traffic flow from the north and south legs of the intersection.  The westbound number one lane is designated a "no parking" lane during the hours of the collision.  The east/west roadway is designated a 56 kph (35 mph) zone.  The north/south roadway is designated a 40 kmph (25 mph) zone.  Vehicle one (V1) is a 2007 Cadillac Escalade sport utility vehicle, driven by a twenty eight (28) year old female with one passenger.  V1 was traveling southbound in the number one lane.  Vehicle two (V2) is a 1987 Peugeot station wagon, driven by a forty nine (49) year old female.  V2 was traveling westbound in the number three lane.  V1 reached the intersection and encountered traffic congestion.  Traffic in the westbound number one and two lanes stopped in order to allow V1 to enter the intersection.  As V1 attempted a left turn, the front plane of V2 contacted its left plane.  V1 came to rest facing southwest blocking the intersection.  V2 came to rest facing southwest blocking the intersection.  V1 received moderate damage and was towed from the scene.  V2 received moderate damage and was also towed from the scene.  The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded:  this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: turned with obstructed view.  An associated factor for V1 was inadequate surveillance.  The driver's view of V2 was blocked by the intervening vehicles in the trafficway and they stated that they never saw V2 prior to the crash.  The driver was traveling to a theatrical play (musical) from the department store where she worked.  She had to be at the play later on that evening.  