This two vehicle daytime collision occurred midday on an east/west roadway on approach to a north/south driveway.  The east/west roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of five lanes.  The north/south driveway is dry, undivided, consists of two lanes, and exits a business located south of the south curb.  The north/south driveway has a downgrade slope as it enters the roadway.  The east/west roadway is designated a 56 kmph (35 mph) zone.  Vehicle one (V1) is a 2001 Chevrolet Monte Carlo two-door coupe, driven by a twenty three (23) year old female.  V1 was entering in the roadway from the number one lane of the driveway.  Vehicle two (V2) is a 1981 Jeep Wagoneer sport utility vehicle, driven by a thirty nine (39) year old male.  V1 was traveling eastbound in the number one lane of the roadway.  As V1 entered the roadway, it attempted a left turn.  The front plane of V2 contacted the left plane of V1.  V1 rotated clockwise until coming to rest facing southeast blocking the eastbound number one lane.  V2 swerved left as it attempted to avoid V1 and after impact, V2  was sent into the westbound number two lane and back across the eastbound lanes.  V2 came to rest approximately 100 meters (328 feet) east of the collision.  V1 came to rest facing southeast blocking the eastbound number one lane, partially on a south curb ramp.  V1 received major damage and was towed from the scene.  V2 received major damage and was towed from the scene.  The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded:  this vehicle traveling, turning left at Intersection.  The critical reason was assigned to V1 as a driver related factor: turned with obstructed view.  The driver was driving with a small dog on her lap.  She was leaving the dog groomer's facility and on her way home. The driver looked left for approaching traffic; however, the approach of other vehicle's was obstructed by parked vehicle. She never saw V2 prior to impact.  The previous day, she had marital problems and was thinking about this.  The driver of V1 takes the medication  Atrovent for asthma.  She also takes Humira  injections for arthritis. 