This two vehicle daytime collision occurred a few hours after the noon hour.  The collision occurred at a four-leg intersection comprised by a north/south roadway and an east/west roadway.  The north/south roadway is undivided, dry, level, and asphalt.  The north leg of the north/south roadway consists of six lanes.  A bicycle lane and a parking lane border the east edge of the north leg.  The south leg consists of five lanes and curves east.  The east/west roadway is undivided, dry, level, asphalt, and consists of two lanes.  The north/south roadway is designated a 56 kmph (35 mph) zone.  The east/west roadway is designated a 48 kmph (30 mph) zone.  Stop signs control the flow of traffic from the east/west roadway unto the north/south roadway.  Vehicle one (V1) is a 2004 Ford E250 passenger van, driven by a thirty five (35) year old male who was traveling southbound in the number two lane.  Vehicle two (V2) is a 1993 Nissan Pathfinder sport utility vehicle, driven by a fifty (50) year old female who was traveling eastbound in the number one lane.  As V1 was traveling south, it veered right towards the west curb.  V1 drove up a driveway ramp and partially unto the west edge sidewalk.  The front of V1 contacted a residential mailbox, a street sign, and a residential garbage bin.  The original location of the garbage bin was based on the testimony of the mailbox's owner.  V1 then entered the west leg of the east/west roadway.  The front plane of V1 contacted the left plane of V2.  V2 rotated clockwise due to the impact.  The right rear tire of V2 contacted the southwest corner of the intersection.  V1 came to rest facing southeast blocking the southbound number one lane.  V2 came to rest facing southeast to the right of V1, blocking the southbound number one lane. Both vehicle's were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded:  this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the right side.  The critical reason was assigned to V1 as a driver related factor: overcompensation.  The driver overcompensated to the right during an avoidance maneuver to a non-contact vehicle that had cut in front of his vehicle.   An associated factor for  V1's level of intoxication measured at 0.057, inexperience with this class of vehicle, poor directional control, and fatigue from just having two hours of sleep in the previous 24 hour period. 