The crash occurred in the northbound lanes of a high occupancy, high volume, and high-speed interstate highway. There were six lanes running southbound with both right and left side paved emergency shoulders, lane one was the on ramp for north traffic.  There were concrete wall barriers separating the southbound traffic. The road widths were a standard 3.7 meters and the emergency-paved shoulders were 3.5 meters. The road was straight and level. The conditions were dry and clear on a weekend evening. The posted speed was a 105 KPH (65 MPH). V1 was a 2003 Toyota Highlander SUV that was traveling northbound in lane three when he hit and killed a pedestrian that was trying to run across the highway from the right side bushes. The driver did not see the pedestrian until he was in front of his car and it was too late to respond. This particular roadway prohibits pedestrians due to the high speed, high occupancy, and high volume roadway. The road was lighted but it was nighttime making visibility less then normal. V1 was in the middle lane with cars on both sides making it difficult to see to his right. The driver was not injured but V1 was towed due to damages. a   The driver of V1 stated that he was coming home from riding his mountain bike. He was traveling north in lane three when he stated that he saw a white male running sideways and that is when he hit him and he landed up on the hood then flew off landing in lane three in the middle of the lane. The driver stated that he was unable to hit the brakes or avoid the person as it took him by surprise and he saw him as he ran into his car. The driver and another witness got out of the vehicle and checked the pulse of the pedestrian confirming he was dead. The witness stated that him and his cousin were traveling in lane two heading northbound when they saw a young, white male run from the bushes into the roadway. They were further back then V1 and were able to stop. They then witnessed V1 hit the man and the man land in the roadway. 