This crash occurred on an urban intersection and involved two vehicles.  The crash occurred at a T-intersection. Traffic approaching the intersection traveling northbound is controlled by a stop sign located at the southeast corner of the intersection.  The weather at the time of the crash was clear.  The speed limit on the east/west through street, which has one lane in each direction and is undivided,  is posted 64 kmph (40 mph).  The speed limit on the north/south cross street, which also has one lane in each direction and is undivided, is posted 40 kmph (25 mph).  Vehicle one (V1) was a 2001 Toyota Tacoma 2wd pickup truck that was stopped facing north at the stop sign.  Vehicle two (V2) was a 1998 Honda Accord 4 door sedan. V2 was traveling E/B on the through street, which is a two-lane dry level, asphalt roadway, in the number one lane.  V1 was stopped for approximately 10 seconds on the intersecting roadway in the number one lane waiting to turn left.  A non-contact vehicle that wasforward of V2 but in the same lane as V2, made a right turn onto the street that V1 was stopped on.  There was a sight line restriction for the drivers of V1 and V2 created by the non-contact vehicle turning right.  The driver of V1 began to make a left turn onto the through street into path of V2.  The front of V1 impacted with V2's right front corner. The impact caused V1 to rotate clockwise coming to rest facing east in the eastbound number one eastbound travel lane facing east. V2 moved forward after impact and also came to rest in the number one eastbound travel lane facing east.  Both vehicles were towed from the scene.The critical pre crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection.   The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: turned with obstructed view. The driver looked but did not see V2 prior to impact. The sight line was blocked by the non-contact vehicle turning right onto the cross street. 